Update README.md (#58)
recast-hep/recast-atlas: README.md

ATLAS tools to facilitate integration of ATLAS anlayses into RECAST

## Gettting Started

### Install

> This package is installable via the standard Python package managment toolls. E.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is installable via the standard Python package management tools. E.g.:
```

Small typo

```

> pip install recast-atlas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python -m pip install recast-atlas
```

`python -m pip` for safety?
